Yuva Lab
Started and Run by Jatinder
Email: yuvalab24@gmail.com
Address: 17, Kalgidhar Avenue, White Diamond Road, Behind Govt. Sen. Sec. School, Mithapur, Jalandhar, Punjab-144022
Phone: +91 9888772209, 7009090378

CONDITIONS OF REPORTING
The findings reported in this Yuva Lab report are restricted to the given specimen only. It is presumed that the specimen sent to Yuva Lab belongs to the patient named or identified, such verification being carried out at the point of generation of the said specimen.

All the information sent or that is required to be sent along with the specimen(s) is assumed to be true and correct. Prior permission of the patient is assumed to have been sought for disclosing the same in the Test Requisition Form. Yuva Lab is not responsible for any errors in this regard.

The test results are to be used for information and interpretation by the referring doctor only and not for forensic applications. These results cannot be used for medico-legal purposes.

The individual laboratory investigations are never conclusive but should be used along with other relevant clinical examinations to achieve a final diagnosis. Should the test results indicate an unexpected abnormality, the same should be reconfirmed before a final diagnosis.

Neither Yuva Lab, its management, nor its employees or representatives assume any liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that may be incurred by any person as a result of presuming the meaning of the content of this report.

Any queries pertaining to this report may be directed to yuvalab24@gmail.com or by calling +91 9888772209, 7009090378.

All tests have been carried out with reasonable care, clinical safety, and technical integrity. However, due to certain factors such as reagent consistency, machine breakdowns, etc., beyond Yuva Lab’s control, which could affect the testing, Yuva Lab does not make any representation or give any warranty about the accuracy of the reported results.

The test report shall not be reproduced and/or used for any promotional and/or publicity purpose, in whatsoever manner, either in part or full, without the written approval of Yuva Lab.

The liability of the test result on Yuva Lab is limited to only the cost of the test. All disputes/claims concerning these reports are subject to the jurisdiction of Jalandhar, Punjab only.

The values of laboratory investigations are dependent on the quality of the sample as well as the assay procedures used. Furthermore, all samples collected outside Yuva Lab or collection centres are required to be prepared, stored, labelled, and brought as per the guidelines set by Yuva Lab. Yuva Lab cannot be held liable for incorrect results of any samples which are not as per the guidelines used.

